Add logging options to jaeger.sampler (#2566)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> 

Reviewer: Please return the deleted section of the changelog.

>   Outputs the log of the sampler.UpdateSampler() function. (#2566)

Reviewer: This needs to be included in a new `Added` section.

> - The `samplers/jaegerremote` added Logger option.
>   Outputs the log of the sampler.UpdateSampler() function. (#2566)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `WithLogger` option to `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote` to allow users to pass a `logr.Logger` and have operations logged. (#2566)
```
